Hello, I am telling you that the best insurance among your green health insurance
policies is
ICICI Lombard Elevate
.  Let's find out why this name is so popular and
what are the benefits of it
.  Senior
Insurance Advisor Ramireddy Sridhar is in the studio.
Sridhar, Namaste.  Namaste
Andi, Sarvejana Sukha Bhavan
speaks very well about policies that benefit everyone.  Now,
how much awareness do those people have about health insurance?
It is very important.
Many people organize functions for their children,
give gifts, go on tours,
buy various clothes, buy gold, but to
enjoy all this, we
must be healthy. Madam,
yes, to be
healthy, in addition to all this, we must
first take out this
very simple health insurance policy, which is included in the expenses we incur in every household
.  If we don't have that, we're kind of doing injustice to our
family and to him.
ICICI Lombard Elevate is
talking a lot about these health incidents now.  What are
the benefits of this? Depending on the
situation,
they say something appropriate to the situation. Can you
tell me anything about
this policy? If we talk about how many facilities a new
son-in-law will have at his mother-in-law's house,
how many facilities a
person who has taken this policy will have at the
hospital.
Because Madam, no company has ever
released this elevated policy with such sensational benefits as IICI Lambad.
Taking this as a very challenging task,
this policy was introduced to provide convenience to customers
.
What are the benefits? You are
very good. The only benefit that any company has given to a person who has taken this policy is
that if the civil
rate is good, it will give construction at a premium of 10 to 15%
.  Every premium is paid for as
long as
15% of the construction is paid.
No company has ever offered this service for the next renewal premium.
Similarly, if a
family of four takes a Rs 10 lakh policy, no matter how many
times the unlimited
auto recharge is used, there is no need to reduce it by this amount.
Similarly,
some companies give it once in an economic year for a single problem,
but in this policy,
ICICI Bank has
given the facility to use it as many times as necessary for the same problem.
We see a lot of insurance health insurance policies.  What is the difference between
ICI Lombard Elevate and other health insurance policies
?
Now I've already
told you some things.  Apart from that, there is
something called Gem Start if you take this policy.  If we
add that, we will also get coverage for sugar BP for 30 days
.
This means that there will be coverage even if you already have health issues
SS: Apart from that, the hospital will provide all the
medicines we use for 90 days before the operation
.  The company also covers the
total cost for 180 days and six months after the operation for
those who have taken this card.
Most policies pay 80% or 70% of the total cost. This is
100% or
100% for six months.
After the operation, six months before the operation,
three months before the operation,
all the expenses for all the medicines are paid.
What is the payment like? Only
annually. Currently, there is no
monthly option. You only have to pay once a year.
Those with a credit card can use the monthly option
.
How much you have to pay annually
depends on your age, how many people are in your family, the
ages of your family members, and whether
they already have health problems. The
premium will depend on that.
Suppose there are four members in a family, two children, one 10 years old, one five years old, and
they are 30, 26 years old.
What will happen to them? The
premium will be 25, 20,000, 22,000
annually. That
means that no matter what health issue we have, it will be covered
100%, we have to tell it. The
important thing in health is that even if we already have a
health problem,
before we do it compulsorily, we must say it specifically.
If we
hide it without telling it, then the coverage will not come.   If we
say "Um," we say "There's a good chance," and then we do it, and we'll
get a claim without any problems in the future.   It is
said that any health insurance policy will only cover a person admitted to the hospital for 24 hours a day.
Now, the same is true for this.
Madam, you asked an excellent question. If
you are in a 24-hour hospital,
but the ICICI Hellvet policy only allows for
hours, then if you have a sunburn or any other
medical problem, you will be
discharged within two hours
.  The Elevate policy also covers the total cost of playing hours
.
This opportunity is not available in many companies here.  If I
take this policy, is it limited to India only? If
not, can I also use it out of the country? A
total of 90 days in one year, that is,
in one trip. Suppose you
went on a 60-day trip to the US or London and went for
days. Out of those 60 days, 45 days are given for one trip.
Similarly, an international claim of up to 90 days in one year will
be given. If
NRIs take Elevate, will they have any
benefit? If
NRIs take a 25 lakh minimum policy, there
is also 25% % construction. If
we take a 25 lakh NRI special
construction policy for NR, NRIs will not give
more than 30% of the premium
.  No matter what kind of construction
is taken, only 30% of the construction is
given. NRIs are given 25% of the annual premium.
Earlier, it was said that if the civil score is
good, there will be a discount. Can you tell us anything about that? If our civil score is good,
as long as the premium is paid, the 15% construction
premium is assumed to be 30,000 premium.   The
premium will be reduced to 4,500. What do you tell them about the
health insurance policy they have taken so far, based on their civil score? What do you tell them
about this IIC Lombard Elevate? The
final health insurance policy is that for
many people, the second Covid, the first
Covid, has taught us all about the importance of health insurance and how
much health expenses will be
.  If we don't take
care of ourselves even after being taught, it's our own fault.
Whether it's the expenses we incur, the tours we go on, the
weekend parties we go to, or the
various clothes we buy. We buy a TV, we buy everything. There's nothing
wrong with that, but to
watch all that and enjoy it,
we need to be in good health. We need to be in
good health.  The cost we spend is
very cheap. If we go to a
corporate hospital for health or even a small surgery, it will cost
lakhs of rupees. If
such people have paid this small premium, they should
definitely
increase their awareness and take a health insurance policy.
How is this Sanjeevani useful?
Sanjeevani was famous in ancient times. If we take this health
insurance, if we have a health card, we will
feel that if we ask for money at that time without asking anyone,
we will help many people. You will help,
but no
one
knows how many people will help us if we ask.  A helping hand in danger. This insurance is
absolutely compulsory for
every person. One term
insurance, one health insurance.
How much do we need two eyes?
Health insurance for the right eye? Left eye? Term insurance is a
must.
How much do we need eyes? Two policies. Term
insurance. Health insurance. Every
person needs. We are still doing yoga and meditation.
But air pollution is
everywhere. Pollution in food.
We cannot do all the pollution. We are doing a lot of yoga. We are doing
meditation. We are doing okay.
We have
no control over food. We do not know what the food we eat outside is like. Did you
see how much pollution there is in the air in Delhi the other day?
We are in total pollution.
How much dirt gets into our body in traffic.
How much of the best that comes from vehicles is lost to us. We have to think about everything. If there
is no such thing in the future, it will be
very difficult to do even good work.  In the time of Covid, almost everyone has come to know what
life really means and what its value is. If
we still don't know,
how can we be concerned about health? It is imperative that we
raise awareness every day, assess the situation, and use the
money that is useful for us and our families.
Therefore, we should not waste it for ourselves, but for
our family, so that you can live a healthy life
.  Most
health insurance policies have
certain limits regarding the operation.  ICI
Lamba Deligate has something to offer. There is
no limit in this operation either. They
give the full amount. They give it even if you are admitted for hours in the same situation.
Instead, they give it for a disease. They do
not say that they give it one time for a disease. They say that the same problem happens the second time. They perform a
stunt. A person has a
problem again and it fails and they have to
perform the stunt again.   They will
give you the full amount for that too, no
problem, I told you this before,
since one month is next year, if you pay one month's
premium, it will be 2.5% of the construction. Health is
said to be the
most important thing. Health insurance is very important in that. You should be healthy.
If you have any problem, no
one will help you.
Health insurance from IICI Lombard
Elevate is very beneficial because of this
.
We have many friends on Facebook and WhatsApp
.  We may have helped many people, we may have one
lakh friends, some may have
10 thousand friends, but if we
ask for money, how many will
respond? Madam,
yes,
how many will respond? They may be
available at that time, they may see your message.
In an emergency, this policy from IICI Lamba
will support you
100%. Even if we don't have money, if we
take a policy of 10 lakhs, we will get 40 lakhs for health for the family. That
card will have 40 lakhs in
value, so we can use it unlimitedly, no matter
how many times we
use it.  ICI
Lombard Elevate has many benefits,
so as a senior advisor,
you are advising me to take it now.
If you want to know more about this policy, please contact the
number that appears
on the website of this scheme, Rama Reddy Dadaka
.  If you search for Rama Reddy on YouTube,
everything will be there.  Even in Aniga, Rami
Reddy Sridhar, if you call the church, what will our service be like?
How will we provide service?
I am available. If you have
any doubts, you can call me to
clarify. You
can call me about Health Sense. We
will tell you the full details.
How to take a policy depending on their age, which policy to take,
which one to take, we will
fully explain the benefits to them and we will make the
policy useful for them
.
Thank you Sridhar garu. For more details,
call the numbers scrolling on the screen and get in touch.
Stay tuned to Suman TV.